I went into the dress not really having
any idea of where I'd be drafted at all
and I couldn't be more excited that FC
Kansas City decided to pick me and I've
only heard the best things about the
program and I look at the roster and
they have so much talent so I'm going
somewhere that I know that I'm gonna get
better instantly just playing around
with the players around me it's kind of
hard to put into words that exact moment
because you kind of think about it and
great about it for so long and then it
finally happens and you're just like wow
like that was my name that was just
called and I was pretty cool experience
especially to be at the draft and to
kind of experience that with my family
and friends and everybody around me and
was pretty cool experience I think the
level competition is really great right
now I mean you've got you got some of
the best players in the world in our
league and that's a really good spot to
start and you know my goal has always
been growing up my own entire life is to
play for the full thing one day and
that's will always be my dream that
always been a goal and I always do
working towards that very thankful to
have this opportunity to come to this my
purse intl camping you know things are
going good right now we know getting
drafted into we'll see out of rain very
talented team and i hope i can just
improve from here is helps definitely
coming to a camp and i always my goals
are always high so whatever comes next
you know embrace it and see what happens
as ben moyes you know i'm only shooting
high when i started getting invited to
camps I was playing was the best girls
in the country and it definitely made me
had to pick up my level of play and I'm
so thankful and fortunate to be able to
given that opportunity to play with such
amazing talented players and I'm just
looking forward to really being
challenged and a little outside my
comfort zone I'm excited to go to a new
team and have to prove myself again and
I know I'm going to get better every
single day playing with the players that
are at Kansas City here at cams it's
always so competitive and we're always
going at it and I think that that's
gonna be what it's like in the NWSL I
think that everyone's competing for a
spot everyone's competing and beyond the
field and being with the national team
it definitely prepares you because
you're able to play with such quality
players and being able to be in with
these these different age groups has
definitely helped me as a player because
I'm able to like watch and learn from
like the other girls get the end of it
it's just it's a faster pace then the
college league and so just getting used
to playing at that pace probably and
against their stronger opponents would
be a big big feat to accomplish but I
think how excited for and training in
that atmosphere every day will
definitely prepared me I was really
excited coming to this camp because
there are a number of girls that are
going to Kansas City already play there
like Erica timmreck Jenna Richmond
Francis Silva so I was excited to be
given this opportunity to kind of play
with them and get to know them even more
before we head to Kansas City for
preseason but it's definitely exciting
playing on the same team as you know
girls that I've watched growing up on
the full national team like Lauren
holiday and amy rodriguez so I'm really
excited and Becky Sauerbrunn to be
playing with full national team players
I think when you're playing against the
best players in your country in your age
group and even a little older but if we
can prepare you each team is going to
have a different style of play they come
with different pieces in different ways
that they'll accomplish the game you're
gonna have the team that just looks to
be really technical and play and keep
the ball on the ground and then we have
the teams that have a fast forward or
this day forward and they look to put it
over top of
so I think directly relates and it can
definitely help in terms of seeing
seeing the types of styles that you'll
go against in this league